The purpose of this python app is to do a financial stability analysis on the stocks of the NYSE and NASDAQ exchanges in accordance with the Benjamin Graham style according to his book The Intelligent Investor. Initially, I manually provide two files from ftp.nasdaqtrader.com called otherlisted.txt and nasdaqlisted.txt. These contain ticker lists that are filtered to include only NYSE and NASDAQ stocks, that are only common stock or ordinary shares and to identify which ones have at least ten years of data. If the hash on the otherlisted.txt or nasdaqlisted.txt is newer than the has stored in the cached historical data then the NYSE and NASDAQ screeners will filter and analyze every stock calling fresh API data from YFinance and FMP. If the hashes are the same the data is considered recent enough to rely on the cached historical data. Once these functions are run they evaluate every ticker compared to the first 6 of Graham’s criteria qualifying any stock that achieves at least 5 out of 6. Any stock that achieves 5 out of 6 is saved to a favorites list of qualifying tickers for further analysis in the Analyze Stock function. The Analyze Stock function is then used to further evaluate qualifying stocks against all 8 of Graham’s criteria and the Graham score is tallied as well as Intrinsic Value, Buy Price and Sell price based on adjustable sliders representing Margin of Safety and Expected Rate of Return. The analyze stock function also allows for manually entered tickers to be evaluated at any time regardless of whether or not they have been qualified by a screener. The UI output is a treeview. When NYSE or NASDAQ screeners are run the treeview should return the list of all qualifying stocks, company name, and graham score. The historical data should be displayed in a tab for each company. If analyze stock is run the tree view should show ticker, company name, exchange (i.e. NYSE or NASDAQ), graham score, price, intrinsic value, buy price and sell price.
